Argus III and future raw data file format

Format for data that does not fit into either the stack
or "snap/timex/variance" format. E.g, multiple-Hertz
full frame collections (or sub-Hertz full frame).

ASCII header followed by binary data.

Line 1: "AIII rawfile".

AIII is the "magic number". Conveniently, Argus 4 (AIV),
5 (AV), 6 (AVI), 7 (AVII) are all possible in just one four
byte magic number. Fortunately, AVI files don't use 'AVI' as
the magic number. 

Lines 2-end: colon or semicolon separated name/value pairs.

String values use semicolon separators. ("String", "Semi...").

The following names are MANDATORY in ALL raw files. Period.

	bufferLength: size of one image buffer raw

The following names are NECESSARY for any raw file expected to
be processed by Argus image functions:

	width: final image width
	height: final image height
	count: number of frames asked for
	begin: reference starting epoch time
	format:	DC1394-coded format for image as number
	cameraName; name returned by camera

The following are optional:

	sitename; argus short site name ('argus00', e.g.)
	top:  pixel value of top line
	left: pixel value of left edge
	cameraNumber: camera number
	version: version number of hotm/etc.
	filename; name of file created by hotm
	skip: skip count for sampling
	
The header is ended by the line: "einde". The word "einde" may not appear
as a name/value name.

Binary data:

The binary section of the file will consist of raw data and info in
the following format:

	image_header1
	frame1
	image_header2
	frame2
	...

where an image header has the following C definition:

	struct _imageHeader_ {
        	struct timeval when;
        	double  shutter;
        	double  gain;
	} ;
        

which is 24 bytes. The timeval entry has two longs containing the seconds
and microseconds of the time of the following frame. The shutter and gain
values are doubles in real world units (time and dB) if known. 

Each frame is bufferLength bytes long. No matter what.

Determining sampling period

The only means of accurately determining sampling period is to read two 
consecutive image headers (and thus the intervening frame) and subtract. 

Potential enhancement to deal with compression of raw image data

Add one 32 bit number, top four bits indicating compression method, 28 bits
giving number of bytes in compressed data. If we do this, reserve method
0 to mean "no compression" and include this long in all files.

                                                                       

